README.md, before:

# TADevelops Blog

**[http://technologyadvice.github.io/](technologyadvice.github.io)

The goal of this project is to provide a platform for all members of the [TechnologyAdvice](http://www.technologyadvice.com) development team to contribute to a blog dedicated to topics surrounding work at TA.

## Contributing

To contribute to the blog please clone this repo locally. Create a branch for the blog post you would like to write with the following format:

```
---
layout: post
title:  "Title of Post"
date:   2015-11-01 10:00:00
categories: space separated labels
author: fname.lname
cover: /assets/images/covers/COVER_IMAGE.png
---

Contents of blog post...
```

To view your post install [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and from the root run `jekyll serve`.

When you have written your post and feel it is complete, submit a PR with basic information. Have someone else on the team review the PR and (when ready) accept it.

Once the post has been thoroughly reviewed and approved merging into `master` will publish the post on the live blog.

Commit message:

Using devlab for running service locally

README.md, after:

# TADevelops Blog

**[http://technologyadvice.github.io/](technologyadvice.github.io)

The goal of this project is to provide a platform for all members of the [TechnologyAdvice](http://www.technologyadvice.com) development team to contribute to a blog dedicated to topics surrounding work at TA.

## Contributing

To contribute to the blog please clone this repo locally. Create a branch for the blog post you would like to write with the following format:

```
---
layout: post
title:  "Title of Post"
date:   2015-11-01 10:00:00
categories: space separated labels
author: fname.lname
cover: /assets/images/covers/COVER_IMAGE.png
---

Contents of blog post...
```

A `devlab.yml` file is provided to make running the blog in a container simple. To view your post simply run `lab serve`.

When you have written your post and feel it is complete, submit a PR with basic information. Have someone else on the team review the PR and (when ready) accept it.

Once the post has been thoroughly reviewed and approved merging into `master` will publish the post on the live blog.
